[docs] fix tutorial/keyed-each-blocks (#7218)
sveltejs/svelte: site/content/tutorial/04-logic/05-keyed-each-blocks/text.md

By default, when you modify the value of an `each` block, it will add and remove items at the *end* of the block, and update any values that have changed. That might not be what you want.

> It's easier to show why than to explain. Click the 'Remove first thing' button a few times, and notice what happens: It removes the first `<Thing>` component, not the *last* DOM node. Then it updates the `name` value in the remaining DOM nodes, but not the emoji. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's easier to show why than to explain. Click the 'Remove first thing' button a few times, and notice what happens: It removes not the first `<Thing>` component, but the *last* DOM node. Then it updates the `name` value in the remaining DOM nodes, but not the emoji. 
```

> It's easier to show why than to explain. Click the 'Remove first thing' button a few times, and notice what happens: It removes not the first `<Thing>` component, but the *last* DOM node. Then it updates the `name` value in the remaining DOM nodes, but not the emoji. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It's easier to show why than to explain. Click the 'Remove first thing' button a few times, and notice what happens: it does remove the first `<Thing>` component, but the *last* DOM node. Then it updates the `name` value in the remaining DOM nodes, but not the emoji. 
```
